Fix not tracing in HttpClient v5 when HttpHost(arg[0]) is null but `RoutingSupport#determineHost` works. (#674)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Support for ActiveMQ-Artemis messaging tracing.
* Archive the expired plugins `impala-jdbc-2.6.x-plugin`.
* Fix a bug in Spring Cloud Gateway if HttpClientFinalizer#send does not invoke, the span created at NettyRoutingFilterInterceptor can not stop.

> * Fix a bug in hc5: when the arg HttpHost of InternalHttpClient#doExecute is null, hc5 would send request but the agent don't create span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix not tracing in HttpClient v5 when HttpHost(arg[0]) is null but `RoutingSupport#determineHost` works.
```
